I am allowed done to bracken of is Nice to meet Kipon sun music belongs
I will
And I had to do that based on radio pg with the name the old days that dj t 4 of So
It's kind of like youtube , but it causes it as it is
And Layer doing radio story Once better in the recently I feel Deka radio has been noticed
By saying
We are allowed to do it live that key pop remove dj
In but that I know last year I am allowed to carry out the rest of it's me about comedy also half a year ne
I've been training, so what kind of training is that kind of thing to me that lie then
Psychic is in but I was Mashi stinking ability
With some circumstances, to enhance its psychic ability
Companies Toka was either a well trained and mountains is why I went everywhere
At that time of the day there is a later story for someone who is really surprised
The teacher who is doing such practice in Tokyo
I talk a Hey acquaintances say that there are I plus through to the seminar
The Toka to sneer enhance and 500 people around to doing a seminar sister my tree of listen
That kind of thing is done
Odessa do is you apparently have to Fu say moat rg people
Listen to the story of the room So I went to talk to because what I do training in what the wind
is
In'll do Tomo acclaimed that if entering wither all divided by the did so're full
There came into application is straight
It's a great man and man
Hugh guess that everyone Nechichi great muffled'd Oh there you kinda do well Group
Another amazing story in in feeling but was a place where I say I take care to say is imagine
I 'm listening to
There's a bit of a paragraph where I think I'm in a mood that's so weird
So I came to accept my public consultation
The it was being guided by the Well in a private room Once you have a story Te
It was reportedly consultation content or How do I make lesson in the previous
Shut up a little
Not that 8 Mr. seen
I can not see
Well listen What does it mean when Oh sorry's kinda do the old days seemed long ago took Kinezuka
Now kinda lost sight because no psychic but I was seen by you
Totally different story of the here and the other that story I Well but I have a way say work
The person was consulted in reverse
Ah, you see
I can see it, but please check my luck
I picked it up and talked so and finally that one
I'm nervous in Virgo but why do you think this is why I do not know such a fortune telling
It was I, but
4 While there are various weave women various people I and that also
I think that I want to do old-fashioned 杵 べ ラ ジ オ ラ ジ オ キ ー ボ ー ド キ ー ボ ー ド keyboard with a good taste
Could